Update Sigma Docker Tag (#41269)
demisto/content: Packs/Sigma/ReleaseNotes/1_1_0.md

#### Scripts

##### sigma-button-convert

- Updated the Docker image to: *devdemisto/pysigma:1.0.0.4848077*.
- Replaced the QRadar AQL backend with a new library maintained by the IBM QRadar team.

> - Update the Cortex XDR backend to use the new QRadar AQL.

Author: ```suggestion
- Updated the Cortex XDR backend to its latest version.
```

##### CreateSigmaRuleIndicator

- Updated the Docker image to: *devdemisto/pysigma:1.0.0.4848077*.

##### SigmaConverttoQuery

- Updated the Docker image to: *devdemisto/pysigma:1.0.0.4848077*.
- Replaced the QRadar AQL backend with a new library maintained by the IBM QRadar team.

> - Update the Cortex XDR backend to use the new QRadar AQL.

Author: ```suggestion
- Update the Cortex XDR backend.
```
